today I'm gonna demonstrate how to
configure remote desktop on the Windows
8 operating system first you're gonna
want to press your Windows key which
will take you to your Start menu they'll
type it and remote click on any Settings
button and then you'll click on allow
remote access to your computer this will
bring up the traditional system
properties tab that you've seen in the
past that allows you to click configure
remote desktop will click on the allow
remote connections to this computer we
want to leave NLA network-level
authentication enabled this reduces risk
of denial of service attack and it does
require your client connecting over RDP
to have the RT connection version 6.0 or
better as well as windows xp service
pack 3 or higher now next we can add
users or groups by selecting select
users and we could add additional users
if required or groups when using a
domain now we can click apply and were
configured the next thing we'll want to
do is we'll want to grab our IP address
we can go back to the Start menu bring
up the command prompt type in ipconfig
we'll see our IP address is 192 dot one
six 8.7 4.1 37 now that I'm completed
with the remote desktop configuration
for Windows 8 I'm now gonna open a
remote desktop connection to test my new
configuration I'll type in an IP address
one ninety two dot one sixty eight dot
74 137 I'll click connect and it'll
prompt me for my username and password
when I log in since I didn't install a
certificate it's gonna notify me that
the certificate is incorrect I'm going
to connect anyway in this case
now you can see that we're connected to
Windows 8 using the remote desktop
configuration that we just completed
have a great day